# LCMD MicroServer Architecture Design

1. **Underlying System**: The LCMD MicroServer underlying system is a very Mini underlying system that only handles network connections, security authentication, business operating system startup and updates. Its goal is to ensure that no matter how it is upgraded, the LCMD system will never crash.
2. **Business Operating System**: LCMD MicroServer's operating system is built on top of the underlying system, mainly iterating system functions quickly according to user needs, such as network isolation, application development, system resource scheduling, etc. This layer of business operating system is mainly for LCMD applications, ensuring stable operation of LCMD applications, and unlike Docker, which can crash the operating system due to configuration conflicts over time.
3. **LPK Applications**: LPK is LCMD MicroServer's application package format, which is actually a container technology. However, this container technology is more secure compared to Docker, and will add network traffic auditing, network restrictions, and user permission control functions in the future to maximize user data and network security.
4. **Developer Mode**: The above are the three design layers of LCMD MicroServer. However, for developers, there is a lot of experimental work in the early stages. To reduce restrictions on developers, our system also supports [KVM](https://developer.lazycat.cloud/kvm.html) and [Dockerd](https://developer.lazycat.cloud/dockerd-support.html). KVM mainly allows SSH access to deploy development environments after installing a virtual machine. Dockerd mainly allows everyone to try Docker software with low barriers. Of course, you can also directly use [PVE](https://appstore.lazycat.cloud/#/shop/detail/in.zhaoj.webvirtcloud) to professionally manage and operate QEMU/KVM virtual machines.

In short, the goal of the underlying system is to ensure upgrade stability, the goal of the business operating system is application resource management, the goal of LPK applications is to ensure user data security, and the goal of developer mode is to lower the threshold for developers to experiment.
